Added IIS Release Task documentation to IIS Fundamentals (#5550)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/server-setup/iis.md

![Publish...](../../../../../11/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/server-setup/images/contextmenu-publish-command.jpg)

> {% hint style="info" %}
> You can use the IIS Release task in Azure DevOps to deploy your website to your Web Server [Azure DevOps IIS Release Task](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/release/deploy-webdeploy-iis-deploygroups). This task is a wrapper for MS Deploy and will allow you to configure MS Deploy to your liking.
> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
 
**Deploy a website for automated deployment with Azure DevOps to IIS**

You can use the [IIS Release task in Azure DevOps](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/release/deploy-webdeploy-iis-deploygroups) to deploy your website to your Web Server. This task is a wrapper for `MSDeploy.exe` and can be configured as preferred.

{% endhint %}
```
